Update F# on Azure Docs -Table Storage (#25052)
dotnet/docs: docs/fsharp/using-fsharp-on-azure/table-storage.md

For real applications, the best way to maintain your storage connection string is in a configuration file. To fetch the connection string from a configuration file, you can do this:

[!code-fsharp[TableStorage](../../../samples/snippets/fsharp/azure/table-storage.fsx#L13-L15)]

Using Azure Configuration Manager is optional. You can also use an API such as the .NET Framework's `ConfigurationManager` type.

### Create the Table service client

The `TableServiceClient` class enables you to retrieve tables and entities in Table storage. Here's one way to create the service client:

[!code-fsharp[TableStorage](../../../samples/snippets/fsharp/azure/table-storage.fsx#L23)]

Now you are ready to write code that reads data from and writes data to Table storage.

### Create a table

This example shows how to create a table if it does not already exist:

[!code-fsharp[TableStorage](../../../samples/snippets/fsharp/azure/table-storage.fsx#L29-L33)]

### Add an entity to a table

> An entity has to have a type that inherits from `TableEntity`. You can extend `TableEntity` in any way you like, the sample using interface `ITableEntity` here, but your type *must* have a parameter-less constructor. Only properties that have both `get` and `set` are stored in your Azure Table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An entity has to have a type that implements `ITableEntity`. You can extend `ITableEntity` in any way you like, but your type *must* have a parameter-less constructor. Only properties that have both `get` and `set` are stored in your Azure Table.
```

An entity's partition and row key uniquely identify the entity in the table. Entities with the same partition key can be queried faster than those with different partition keys, but using diverse partition keys allows for greater scalability of parallel operations.

Here's an example of a `Customer` that uses the `lastName` as the partition key and the `firstName` as the row key.

[!code-fsharp[TableStorage](../../../samples/snippets/fsharp/azure/table-storage.fsx#L39-L65)]

> Now add `Customer` to the table. To do so, we can use AddEntity() method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now add `Customer` to the table. To do so, we can use the AddEntity() method.
```

Here's some code that combines two inserts into a batch operation:

[!code-fsharp[TableStorage](../../../samples/snippets/fsharp/azure/table-storage.fsx#L74-L89)]

### Retrieve all entities in a partition

To query a table for all entities in a partition, use a `Query<T>` object. Here, you filter for entities where "Smith" is the partition key.

[!code-fsharp[TableStorage](../../../samples/snippets/fsharp/azure/table-storage.fsx#L95)]

You now print the results:

[!code-fsharp[TableStorage](../../../samples/snippets/fsharp/azure/table-storage.fsx#L97-L98)]

### Retrieve a range of entities in a partition

If you don't want to query all the entities in a partition, you can specify a range by combining the partition key filter with a row key filter. Here, you use two filters to get all entities in the "Smith" partition where the row key (first name) starts with a letter earlier than "M" in the alphabet.

[!code-fsharp[TableStorage](../../../samples/snippets/fsharp/azure/table-storage.fsx#L104)]

You now print the results:

[!code-fsharp[TableStorage](../../../samples/snippets/fsharp/azure/table-storage.fsx#L106-L107)]

### Retrieve a single entity

> You can write a query to retrieve a single, specific entity. Here, you use a `GetEntityAsync` to specify the customer "Ben Smith". Instead of a collection, you get back a `Customer`. Specifying both the partition key and the row key in a query is the fastest way to retrieve a single entity from the Table service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To retrieve a single, specific entity, use `GetEntityAsync` to specify the customer "Ben Smith". Instead of a collection, you get back a `Customer`. Specifying both the partition key and the row key in a query is the fastest way to retrieve a single entity from the Table service.
```

[!code-fsharp[TableStorage](../../../samples/snippets/fsharp/azure/table-storage.fsx#L113)]

You now print the results:

[!code-fsharp[TableStorage](../../../samples/snippets/fsharp/azure/table-storage.fsx#L116)]

### Replace an entity

> To update an entity, retrieve it from the Table service, modify the entity object, and then save the changes back to the Table service using a `TableUpdateMode.Replace` operation. This causes the entity to be fully replaced on the server, unless the entity on the server has changed since it was retrieved, in which case the operation fails. This failure is to prevent your application from inadvertently overwriting changes from other sources.

Reviewer: If an ETag value of `ETag.All` is specified, this will always succeed.

[!code-fsharp[TableStorage](../../../samples/snippets/fsharp/azure/table-storage.fsx#L122-L127)]

### Insert-or-replace an entity

> Sometimes, you don't know whether an entity exists in the table. And if it does, the current values stored in it are no longer needed. You can use `TableUpdateMode.Merge` to create the entity, or replace it if it exists, regardless of its state.

Reviewer: Merge only replaces values specified in the entity. It does not replace the whole entity.
